README.md, before:

README
-------

FIXRobot is software to write testcases and test FIXEngine using FIX Protocol. 

FIXRobot can act as intitiator and acceptor/exchange. 

FIXRobot can send and receive FIX messages and will compare the actual messages with the expected messages.

For documentation please check the docs/index.html.

Usage: import FIXRobot

Author: Written by Anand P. Subramanian.

Copyright: FIXRobot  Copyright (C) 2016  Anand P. Subramanian.

License: GGPLv3+ GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.

Download: <https://github.com/quickfixrobot/FIXRobot/>

Reporting bugs: <https://github.com/quickfixrobot/FIXRobot/issues>

For enhancements, contributions, collabaration or any questions please contact at <quickfixrobot@gmail.com>

For any issues or enhacements you can also enter the issues in github



Installation Requirements
--------------------------
You have to install the following softwares


PYTHON 3.9
----------
www.python.org


QUICKFIX
--------
This product includes software developed by quickfixengine.org http://www.quickfixengine.org/
Orignially, quickfix is a C++ implementation. So, quickfix module in python is an API to call class and functions of C-module.
http://blog.junmin.info/2015/04/25/a05-quickfix/

Quickfix for Windows
--------------------
Easy installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

For windows, no offical guide for compilation yet. Easiest way is using offical built binary package (python 3.8):
amd64 or win32 from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#quickfix

Installation: 
pip install quickfix‑1.15.1‑cp38‑cp38‑win_amd64.whl
or
pip install quickfix‑1.15.1‑cp38‑cp38‑win32.whl

Quickfix for Linux
------------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install quickfix

If the above steps doesnt work for installing quickfix you can try the following steps

Requirement: gcc, gcc-c++, python-devel (centOS 6) Installation: pii install quickfix


Python configparser
-------------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install configparser

Python pytest
-------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

Python pytest is not part of python standard library and see if its installed by doing "import pytest" in python prompt.
If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install pytest

Python unittest
----------------
Python unittest is part of python standard library and see if its installed by doing "import unittest" in python prompt.
If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install unittest

Commit message:

-renamed and refacatored to fixrobot from FIXRobot in all files

README.md, after:

README
-------

fixrobot is software to write testcases and test FIXEngine using FIX Protocol. 

fixrobot can act as intitiator and acceptor/exchange. 

fixrobot can send and receive FIX messages and will compare the actual messages with the expected messages.

For documentation please check the docs/index.html.

Usage: import fixrobot

Author: Written by Anand P. Subramanian.

Copyright: fixrobot  Copyright (C) 2016  Anand P. Subramanian.

License: GGPLv3+ GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.

Download: <https://github.com/quickfixrobot/fixrobot/>

Reporting bugs: <https://github.com/quickfixrobot/fixrobot/issues>

For enhancements, contributions, collabaration or any questions please contact at <quickfixrobot@gmail.com>

For any issues or enhacements you can also enter the issues in github



Installation Requirements
--------------------------
You have to install the following softwares


PYTHON 3.9
----------
www.python.org


QUICKFIX
--------
This product includes software developed by quickfixengine.org http://www.quickfixengine.org/
Orignially, quickfix is a C++ implementation. So, quickfix module in python is an API to call class and functions of C-module.
http://blog.junmin.info/2015/04/25/a05-quickfix/

Quickfix for Windows
--------------------
Easy installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

For windows, no offical guide for compilation yet. Easiest way is using offical built binary package (python 3.8):
amd64 or win32 from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#quickfix

Installation: 
pip install quickfix‑1.15.1‑cp38‑cp38‑win_amd64.whl
or
pip install quickfix‑1.15.1‑cp38‑cp38‑win32.whl

Quickfix for Linux
------------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install quickfix

If the above steps doesnt work for installing quickfix you can try the following steps

Requirement: gcc, gcc-c++, python-devel (centOS 6) Installation: pii install quickfix


Python configparser
-------------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install configparser

Python pytest
-------------
Easy Installation: pip install -r requirements.txt

Python pytest is not part of python standard library and see if its installed by doing "import pytest" in python prompt.
If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install pytest

Python unittest
----------------
Python unittest is part of python standard library and see if its installed by doing "import unittest" in python prompt.
If it is not installed you can try installation: pip install unittest
